
VNV ISTQB Mod 2 MTT Set 1


Section:
1
Time Left : 40 : 44 List View 
    Active     Attempted     Not Attempted
Q1

 
Which of the following is TRUE?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Confirmation testing is testing fixes to a set of defects and Regression testing is testing
to establish whether any defects have been introduced as a result of changes
Confirmation testing is testing to establish whether any defects have been introduced as
a result of changes and Regression testing is testing fixes to a set of defects.
Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing to establish whether any
defects have been introduced as a result of changes.
Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing fixes to a set of defects.
Q2

 
Which of the following is correct?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Impact analysis assesses the effect on the system of a defect found in regression testing
Impact analysis assesses the effect of a new person joining the regression test team
Impact analysis assesses whether or not a defect found in regression testing has been
fixed correctly
Impact analysis assesses the effect of a change to the system to determine how much
regression testing to do.
Q3

 
Which of the following are characteristic of regression testing?

i) Regression testing is run ONLY once
ii) Regression testing is used after fixes have been made
iii) Regression testing is often automated
iv) Regression tests need not be maintained
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
ii, iv
ii, iii
i, iii, iv
iii
Q4

 
Which type of test design techniques does the following statement best describe
a procedure to derive test cases based on the specification of a component?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Black Box Techniques
White Box Techniques
Glass Box Techniques
Experience Based Techniques
Q5

 
Which of the following activities should be performed during the selection and implementation 
of a testing tool?

i) Investigate the organisation's test process.
ii) Conduct a proof of concept.
iii) Implement the selected tool on a project behind schedule to save time.
iv) Identify coaching and mentoring requirements for the use of the selected tool.
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
i, ii, iii
ii, iii, iv
i, iii, iv
i, ii, iv
Q6

 
With which of the following categories is a test comparator tool USUALLY associated?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Tool support for performance and monitoring
Tool support for static testing
Tool support for test execution and logging
Tool support for the management of testing and tests
Q7

 
Who would USUALLY perform debugging activities?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Developers
Analysts
Testers
Incident Managers.
Q8

 
Which of the following defines the expected results of a test?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Test case specification
Test design specification
Test procedure specification
Test results.
Q9

 
Which of the following is a benefit of test independence?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
It does not require familiarity with the code
It is cheaper than using developers to test their own code
It avoids author bias in defining effective tests
Testers are better at finding defects than developers
Q10

 
Complete statement and branch coverage means:
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
That you have tested every statement in the program
That you have tested every statement and every branch in the program
That you have tested every IF statement in the program
That you have tested every combination of values of IF statements in the program
Q11

 
Where may functional testing be performed?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
At system and acceptance testing levels only
At all test levels
At all levels above integration testing
At the acceptance testing level only
Q12

 
What is beta testing?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Testing performed by potential customers at the developers location
Testing performed by potential customers at their own locations
Testing performed by product developers at the customer's location
Testing performed by product developers at their own locations.
Q13

 
What is the MAIN benefit of designing tests early in the life cycle?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
It is cheaper than designing tests during the test phases
It helps prevent defects from being introduced into the code
Tests designed early are more effective than tests designed later
It saves time during the testing phases when testers are busy
Q14

 
Which is the best definition of complete testing?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
You have discovered every bug in the program
You have tested every statement, branch, and combination of branches in the program
You have completed every test in the test plan
You have reached the scheduled ship date
Q15

 
Which of the following benefits are MOST likely to be achieved by using test tools?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Easy to access information about tests and testing
Reduced maintenance of testware
Easy and cheap to implement
Greater consistency of tests
Q16

 
What is the MAIN purpose of a Master Test Plan?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
To communicate how incidents will be managed
To communicate how testing will be performed
To produce a test schedule
To produce a work breakdown structure
Q17

 
A defect arrival rate curve:
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Shows the number of newly discovered defects per unit time
Shows the number of open defects per unit time
Shows the cumulative total number of defects found up to this time
Any of these, depending on the company
Q18

 
Given the following fragment of code, how many tests are required for 100% decision coverage?

if width > length
then
biggest_dimension = width
if height > width
then
biggest_dimension = height
end_if
else
biggest_dimension = length
if height > length
then
biggest_dimension = height
end_if
end_if
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
3
1
2
4
Q19

 
As part of which test process do you determine the exit criteria?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Test planning
Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
Test closure
Test control
Q20

 
Which of the following is a MAJOR task of test implementation and execution?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Measuring and analyzing results
Reporting discrepancies as incidents
Identifying test conditions or test requirements
Assessing if more tests are needed
Q21

 
For which of the following would a static analysis tool be MOST useful?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Supporting reviews
Validating models of the software
Testing code executed in a special test harness
Enforcement of coding standards
Q22

 
A thermometer measures temperature in whole degrees only. If the temperature falls 
below 18 degrees, the heating is switched off. It is switched on again when the temperature 
reaches 21 degrees. What are the best values in degrees to cover all equivalence partitions?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
15, 19 and 25
17, 18 and19
18, 20 and22
16, 26 and 32
Q23

 
Some tools are geared more for developer use. For the 5 tools listed, 
which statement BEST details those for developers?

i) Performance testing tools.
ii) Coverage measurement tools.
iii) Test comparators.
iv) Dynamic analysis tools.
v) Incident management tools.
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
i, iii and iv are more for developers
ii and iv are more for developers
ii, iii. and iv. are more for developers
ii and iii are more for developers
Q24

 
What is the main purpose of impact analysis for testers?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
To determine the programming effort needed to make the changes
To determine what proportion of the changes need to be tested
To determine how much the planned changes will affect users
To determine how the existing system may be affected by changes
Q25

 
Match the following terms and statements:

1. Decision Table Testing
2. Decision Testing
3. State Transition Testing
4. Exploratory Testing

W. Testing carried out w boxes to achieve specific test objectives, possibly to complement
structured testing.
X. A test technique used which may be used to verify different system re depending on
current conditions or previous history.
Y. A test technique which combines combinations of inputs that might not otherwise have
been exercised during testing.
Z. A form of control flow testing based on decision outcomes
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
1Y, 2Z, 3X, 4W
1X ,2W, 3Z, 4Y
1Z, 2X, 3W, 4Y
1Z, 2Y, 3X, 4W
Q26

 
Which of the following BEST describes the difference between an inspection and a walkthrough?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Both inspections and walkthroughs are led by the author
An inspection is led by a moderator and a walkthrough is led by the author
Both inspections and walkthroughs are led by a trained moderator
A walkthrough is led by the author. The author is not present during inspections
Q27

 
What is the MAIN objective when reviewing a software deliverable?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
To identify potential application failures by use of a test specification
To identify defects in any software work product
To identify spelling mistakes in a requirements specification
To identify standards inconsistencies in the code
Q28

 
Which activities form part of test planning?

i) Developing test cases.
ii) Defining the overall approach to testing.
iii) Assigning resources.
iv) Building the test environment
v) Writing test conditions.
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
i, ii & iv are true, iii & v are false
ii & iii are true, i, iv & v are false
iv & v are true, i, ii & iii are false
i, ii & iii are true iv & v are false
Q29

 
You have designed test cases to provide 100% statement and 100% decision coverage for 
the following fragment of code.

if width > length
then
biggest_dimension = width
else
biggest_dimension = length
end_if
The following has been added to the bottom of the code fragment above
print "Biggest dimension is " & biggest_dimension
print "Width: " & width
print "Length: " & length

How many more test cases are required?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
One more test case will be required for 100 % decision coverage
Two more test cases will be required for 100 % statement coverage, one of which will be
used to provide 100% decision coverage.
None, existing test cases can be used
One more test case will be required for 100" statement coverage
Q30

 
What is the purpose of exit criteria?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
To define when a test level is complete.
To determine when a test has completed
To identify when a software system should be retired
To determine whether a test has passed.
Q31

 
Which of the following would you NOT usually find on a software incident report?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
The name and/or organisational position of the person raising the problem.
Version of the Software Under Test.
Suggestions as to how to fix the problem
Actual and expected results
Q32

 
What determines the level of risk?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
The cost of dealing with an adverse event if it occurs.
The probability that an adverse event will occur.
The amount of testing planned before release of a system
The likelihood of an adverse event and the impact of the event
Q33

 
When should configuration management procedures be implemented?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
During test planning
During test analysis
During test execution
When evaluating exit criteria
Q34

 
Which of the following combinations correctly describes a valid approach to component testing?

i) Functional testing of the component in isolation.
ii) Structure-based testing of the code without recording incidents.
iii) Automated tests that are run until the component passes.
iv) Functional testing of the interfaces between modules.
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
i and ii
I, ii and iii
iii
ii and iv
Q35

 
Which of the following is a purpose of the review planning phase?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Log defects
Explain the documents to the participants
Gather metrics
Allocate the individual roles
Q36

 
What is the KEY difference between preventative and reactive approaches to testing?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Preventative tests and reactive tests are designed as early as possible
Preventative tests are designed early; reactive tests are designed after the software has
been produced
Preventative testing is always analytical; reactive testing is always heuristic
Preventative tests are designed after the software has been produced; 
reactive tests are designed early in response to review comments
Q37

 
Which activity in the fundamental test process creates test suites for efficient test execution?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Implementation and execution.
Planning and control
Analysis and design
Test closure
Q38

 
Which of the following is MOST characteristic of specification based (black-box) techniques?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
Test cases can be easily automated
Test cases are independent of each other
Test cases are derived systematically from models of the system
Test cases are derived systematically from the delivered code
Q39

 
A wholesaler sells printer cartridges. The minimum order quantity is 5. There is a 20% discount 
for orders of 100 or more printer cartridges. You have been asked to prepare test cases using 
various values for the number of printer cartridges ordered. Which of the following groups 
contain three test inputs that would be generated using Boundary Value Analysis?
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
5, 6, 20
4, 5, 80
4, 5, 99
1, 20, 100
Q40

 
Which of the following types of defects is use case testing MOST LIKELY to uncover?

i) Defects in the process flows during real-world use of the system.
ii) Defects in the interface parameters in integration testing.
iii) Integration defects caused by the interaction and interference of different components.
iv) Defects in the system as it transitions between one state and another
Single Choice - Select one correct answer from the options list.
ii, iii
i, iii
iii, iv
i, ii
ISTQB
123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839401 out of 40  Submit Assessment
